Tyrion Dalister?
Salvador Lannister
Tryali
Daliyron 
Tyrador Lannistali
Salrion Dalister

It's not easy being drunk all the time. Everyone would do it if it were easy.
Why are you sorry? Because you're an evil bastard with no conscience and no heart? That's what I liked about you in the first place. 
I'm quite good at spending money, but a lifetime of outrageous wealth hasn't taught me much about managing it. 
I'm not particularly good at violence, but I'm good at convincing others to do violence for me.
When I was ten, I stuffed my uncle's boots with goat shit.
Cut off his manhood and feed it to the goats.
I'm not questioning your honor, Lord Janos. I'm denying its existence. 
Turns out, far too much has been written about great men and not nearly enough about morons
You love your children. It's your one redeeming quality - that and your cheekbones. 
I've offended you. Forgive me. It's been a rough morning. Anyway, don't despair. I'm a constant disappointment to my own father and I've learned to live with it
I demand a trial by combat! 
I don't pay you to put evil notions in my head. The ones already there don't need company. 


Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.
There is only one difference between a madman and me. The madman thinks he is sane. I know I am mad.
The first man to compare the cheeks of a young woman to a rose was obviously a poet; the first to repeat it was possibly an idiot.
There are some days when I think I'm going to die from an overdose of satisfaction.
Let my enemies devour each other.
The secret of my influence has always been that it remained secret.
Liking money like I like it, is nothing less than mysticism. Money is a glory.
I seated ugliness on my knee, and almost immediately grew tired of it.
Democratic societies are unfit for the publication of such thunderous revelations as I am in the habit of making.
What is important is to spread confusion, not eliminate it.
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.
It is not necessary for the public to know whether I am joking or whether I am serious, just as it is not necessary for me to know it myself.
So little of what could happen does happen.
I am not strange. I am just not normal.
You have to systematically create confusion, it sets creativity free. Everything that is contradictory creates life.